3rd Wednesday
#3rd Wednesday of

!END
2 London business days prior to the 3rd Wednesday of the delivery month.

Two business days prior to
10:00 - Two business days prior to the third Wednesday of the delivery month

Two exchange days prior to the third Wednesday of respective settlement month.

Trading in setteling contract ends 11:00 AM Brussels time.

10:00 London time 2 London business days prior to the 3rd Wednesday of the delivery month.

11:00 - Two business days prior to the third Wednesday of the delivery month

The second London bank business day prior to the third Wednesday of the contract month

two business days prior to the third Wednesday of the expiring month

Two business days prior to the third Wednesday of the contract month

the 2nd TIFFE business day immediately preceding
the 2nd TIFFE business day immediately preceding the 3rd Wednesday of the contract month

the 2nd London business day immediately preceding the 3rd wedenesday of the contract month

11:00 The third Wednesday of the delivery month

The GBP short sterling futures contract has a last trading day of the 3rd Wednesday which corresponds to the fixing date since GBP Libor fixes same day.

10:00 London time Third Wednesday of the delivery month (no gap).

Last business day of the delivery month.

The 2nd London business day immediately preceding the 3rd Wednesday of the contract month.

The second London bank business day prior to the third Wednesday of the contract expiry month, at 11:00am London time.

The second London bank business day prior to the third Wednesday of the contract expiry month, at 11:00am London time.

The second London banking day prior to the third Wednesday of the contract month. If the determined day is a Bourse or bank holiday in Montreal or Toronto, the last trading day shall be the previous bank business day. Per Canadian Derivatives Exchange BAX contract specification.

On a CAD CDOR based "IMM" trade since CDOR resets same day the IMM Payment/Reset dates following the last trading day of the BAX contract on the Montreal exchange which is (ignoring holidays) the Monday prior to the 3rd Wednesday

12:00 noon on the business day immediately prior to settlement day (2nd Friday of delivery month)

One Sydney business day preceding the second Friday of the relevant settlement month.

the first Wednesady after the ninth day of the relevant Settlement Month.

Trading will cease at 12 noon on the final trading day.

The first Wednesday after the ninth day of the relevant settlement month.

The last business day of the calendar month.

Trading shall cease at 4.30pm on the last business of the expiry month

Second London bank business day before 3rd Wednesday of the contract month.

two days before delivery date

The Last Trading Date for the future is the Monday before IMM Wednesday date.

Last trading date of the contract will be the second last business day preceding the first business day of the contract month.

3rd business day prior to the 25th day of the month in the preceding month of the contract

The last trading day is two exchange days prior to the Delivery Day of the relevant maturity month

Last business day of each contract month
